At the beginning of the semester I had two main goals. The first goal was quite straightforward, and that was to explore the field of environmental studies. The second goal was to focus on improving my research skills, and because that topic was so broad, I decided to focus on the specific skills of finding credible sources, synthesizing information, and communicating results. Looking at my work throughout the term, it is quite clear to me that I did indeed accomplish those goals. Deciding what specific assignments to show was difficult, as I felt that my progress was visible in almost every assignment that we did! These 5 assignments, in order, are what I feel show the largest amount of progress.

The first assignment is Assignment: Summarizing Science. For this assignment I needed to read a paper and then answer a few questions regarding the author’s motivation, research question(s), methods, conclusions, validation, and implications. While this may sound straightforward enough, and the assignment was worth 1.5 points, this was an integral part of my subgoals regarding learning how to synthesize information and communicate results. Working towards goals is normally a somewhat linear process for me. I continually take small steps, and before I know it I have reached my goal. This assignment was one of those small steps.

The second assignment is Assignment Research Proposal: Topic. For this assignment I needed to come up with a proposal topic, research questions, and a description of the problem I had identified. This is also a smaller assignment, but I view it as being key towards my growth. One of my goals was learning how to find credible sources, and this assignment provided a lower-stakes environment to practice that skill. I was able to carry this out, and then receive feedback on what I needed to improve from the teaching assistant. This assignment was also a crucial step towards my goal of learning how to synthesize information. By reading academic papers regarding my topic, and trying to decide what my research questions should be, I was taking steps towards my information-synthesis goal.

The third assignment I selected was the Research Proposal: Title and Annotated Bibliography. For the first time in the course, I felt a little bit overwhelmed. It wasn’t like the previous assignments, where I only needed to find two papers. I needed to find ten papers that would help me answer the research questions I had come up with. This was daunting, and I was forced out of my comfort zone, and forced to make large leaps in my progress towards all of my subgoals, finding sources, synthesizing information, and then communicating in written form why those papers/sources would help me. I felt like I did well under this pressure, and I was able to perform quite well on this assignment. The TAs and Jerry were able to provide feedback on what I needed to improve, but it seemed at this point that the work I had been putting in for the first month or so of the class was beginning to pay off!

The fourth assignment I selected was the Team Assignment: Prerecorded video presentation. This was an extremely challenging assignment, up to this point, all of my improvements in my communicating results goals had been for the written form, but with this assignment I needed to understand how to improve my verbal communication, and also how to effectively communicate with slides. I rose to the occasion, and was able to successfully work with my teammates and present this live. I also found out just how good my information synthesis had gotten. I had such a deep knowledge of my topic, that when I was asked random questions during the Q&A, I was able to respond with what the professor seemed to think was a good answer!

The fifth assignment had to be the Research Proposal: Final Version. This was what every moment in the course had been leading to, this was something, where if I managed to accomplish it I would be able to know that I had indeed made outstanding progress in my main goal of being a better researcher, and in the subgoals of becoming better at finding credible sources, synthesizing information, and communicating results. To be honest, from the final version of the research proposal I don’t think I learned that much, as it was more just carrying out the assignment using the skills I had developed throughout the term. As I said before, it was a great proxy to see whether or not I had made good progress.
