For conceptual skills, there are a few key areas that I think my proposal, and the process of writing my proposal, demonstrate. First, there is a picture of a magnifying glass, and this is because I needed to understand and evaluate information regarding brake wear/tire wear/EVs/ICEVs to write my paper. I included a picture of a chart, and this is supposed to symbolize my understanding of statistical tools, which I demonstrated by talking about how I would analyze my data. Lastly, I also used my systems thinking, and this is especially clear when I talk about how EV weight, tire wear, 6PPD, and salmon health are all related!

For research skills, I was able to review information and then come up with research questions, and this is symbolized by the question mark symbol. During the research for this paper, I needed to read a wide variety of sources and then put them together (synthesis) to support my research proposal. This is demonstrated by the puzzle, as that can be likened to what I was doing. I also was able to establish an appropriate methodology that utilized electronic devices to track vehicle movements and help me answer the research questions. II used a photo of the Geotab GO device, as this is a device that tracks vehicle movement, and Geotab is also the company where I interned!

For communication skills, it was straightforward. I communicated my findings to my peers in class, during the peer review, so I used a picture of a presentation. In my paper, I also had a budget table, a Gantt chart, and of course written words, which show that I can effectively communicate in those forms. I picked an icon of a document to show this.
