For my research proposal, I decided to do a comparative analysis of increased tire microplastics and reduced brake wear matter in urban electrified ride-hailing fleets. Up until this point in the course, I had mainly focused on the technical aspect of data analysis, as it had been a long time since I had taken a statistics course, and I had forgotten much of the basics. Once I re-learned all the technical aspects, I thought that I would be prepared for my proposal. However, I was incorrect.
I felt confident in my statistics ability, but I realized that there is much more to data analysis than statistics, and that an equally important part was knowing what to apply said data analysis skills to. I realized that, because I was not familiar with my chosen topic of non-exhaust emissions in EVs that belong to ride-hailing fleets, I was unsure what types of things I would need to measure and test. For example, while I was confident I could do a T-test and understand how it works, I lacked the domain knowledge to determine what to T-test.
This impacted my previously held belief that technical knowledge is the most important aspect of data analysis. While it is important, domain knowledge is, in my opinion, just as important, or even more important. This changed my entire outlook on data analysis, and even my career. I now understand that I need to personally develop my domain knowledge of the field I end up working in, and that this will, in turn, make me more effective at data analysis.
