The authors have observed that decision-makers want more accurate climate predictions, as models are improving. They want to improve communication around the fact that even though there is model improvement, it may be unreasonable to expect a similar improvement in climate prediction, as climate has natural variability to it, and it can be difficult to isolate which effects are from humans. The authors want to know how much this natural climate variability limits the predictability of future climate, over the next 50 years, and at both regional and local scales. In order to answer their research question, the authors used a 40-member ensemble of climate simulations from the NCAR CCSM3 model. All of the simulations used identical external forcing but had slightly different atmospheric initial conditions. As the researchers hypothesized, natural climate variability led to uncertainty in regional climate trends, even with the 50 year timeframe. Interestingly, parts of Mexico and the southwestern United States were more predictable, as they had lower variability. Because the researchers ensured the simulations used the same model and forcing, any differences present were solely due to internal variability, not model error, validating the researchers. For the future, climate communication and climate planning must take into account that even with models becoming better, natural variability will still obscure much of the human effects on climate, especially in highly variable regions.
